Since I went
through a lot of math,
I want to present the core
achievements of the last steps.
So let's sum it up.
The Bayes localization
filter, or Bayes filter,
is a general framework for
recursive state estimation.
Recursive means that we
use the previous state
to estimate the new state by
using only current observations
and controls, and not the
whole history of data.
The motion model describes the
predictions step of the filter.
The observation model
is the update step
to estimate the new
state probabilities.
You already heard about this
interaction between prediction
and update step before.
For example, when Andray
talked about common filters
in the fusion lesson.
This means the current 1D
localization, common filters,
and also particle
filters are realizations
of the Bayes filter.
Now you understand probabilistic
reasoning, and recursive
of state estimation.
This is an amazing achievement,
not only for localization,
but also for the whole
self-driving car nanodegree.
Now that you know all
the theory behind it,
let's go back to the C++ example
and finalize the localizer.